feat(openapi): add `--dryRun` option (#612)
readmeio/rdme: README.md

rdme openapi [path-to-file.json] --version={project-version} --update
```

> This command also has a dry run mode, which can be useful for initial setup and debugging. You can read more about dry run mode [in our docs](https://docs.readme.com/docs/rdme#dry-run-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command also has a dry run mode, which can be useful for initial setup and debugging. You can perform a dry run by supplying the `--dryRun` flag.
```
